But Detento like to say that I think we often that more women Tokusuru
me
I wonder if there is not the Rutteyuu to its deals so much even
Well, that's where you made it Oh
I see, this world is a man's world, where the customs are burned together
Where in the world after all in the present world
If you are not a woman who can fit, you will not end up in both ways
Remains of the more a woman of complete
If you think to top
Yes you can not tab
Sister I lantern found in Toka Minister I also full politicians now
Jean contents man Ja only contains scout something to everyone
I think it's tag -like, but what do you do to make it truly equal in this situation
Yes Thats is now up to Once it saying it was equality is possible to match the person of the woman with the standards of the man
It's a good reason why men are good women and women
Sound is more than that
Really a woman is a man
And without the impossible it would not be in the world to be given the same rights as man
It is not true equality
I think that to say you do not know really
But I apologize but I have nothing to do with it
Everyone Hooray Please enter over here to be anywhere why selfish
Nothing alive without reward is Nante because'm nothing goodbye without Naa Toka talk of marriage
Because
It's over
I think the women are full, which is helped by also killing have said in the end is said this
You know John by something
Even though
Say that
N huh
What Debaka Oh
When the Te great Nan' child I Naa is amazing Saff
One after another